Adding documentation about new OAS field: Detailed Tracing (#4069)
TykTechnologies/tyk-docs: tyk-docs/content/product-stack/tyk-gateway/advanced-configurations/distributed-tracing/open-telemetry/open-telemetry-overview.md

After enabling OpenTelemetry at the gateway level, you have the option to activate detailed tracing for specific APIs. Edit the respective API definition and set the `detailed_tracing` option to either `true` or `false`. By default, this setting is `false`.

{{< note info >}}
**Note**

> Since version 5.3, you can enable or disable this Detailed Tracing option in OAS APIs through the Dashboard's UI. Navigate to your API's settings and toggle the *"Enable Detailed Tracing"* option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From version 5.3, you can enable or disable this Detailed Tracing option in Tyk OAS APIs through the Dashboard's UI. Navigate to your API's settings and toggle the *"Enable Detailed Tracing"* option.
```
